呃，我以后讲这个东西我就用英文讲了，我加快效率了，我不再翻译了。What is fantasy screen, an interface interface between two surfaces. Sometimes we find even in nature, as in the case of uh uh, it's talking about what a fantasy screen is. Um we find it even in nature, as in the case of krknica lake, ssouvenia slovenia interinterminent lake, the meeting like it's那么这个翻译还是稍微说一下，就是那个季节性出现那种湖啊，那是那间歇间歇性出现的湖。 During is the seasonal eruption会爆发water throws into the air fishes.就是那个水把那个鱼啊给它掀出来啊，was experienced as kind of magic screen americamericc of something emerging out of avoid.呃，it is a example extemplification of uh fantasy screen as early as a seventeen century. This phenomenon intricted nature, natural scientists就吸引到这些自然科学家，a slovany author generus volves volversor. I don't know how to pronounce it to become a member of the english loyal academy变成英国皇家学会会员啊。For providing an explanation of this mystery就解释了这个现象。 An intricate network of on the ground channels with different pressures.它压力不同啊，就下面是那个地底的那个水水管啊，就推测intricate. This means NCK错综复杂，难以理解的。 Perhaps this is the most elementary definition of a chanism m meisism. A fantastic screen is just a mechanism啊，mechanism is something complicated呃，more complicated than what we have imagined them. Common sense and common sense. I'm a machine that produces an effect in the precisense of medical effect of sense of an event that developes a gap between itself and the row body, the materiality. Uh mecanism is that which accounts for the emergence of an illusion high illusion emergence? Uh the crucial point here is that inciiting into the mechanism does not destroy the illusion does not destroys. Elution does not destroy the the effect, the amazing amazement of the effect, it even strengens it in sfar as it strenders popable of the gap between the body causes and their surfacace effect surface effect surfficit to recall the recent series of the making of what world uh films that a company are big, a bunched productions terminator, two indian终结者二啊，the making of terminator, two, the making of indian呃，indiana jones,就是有那个系列片子有那种纪录片啊，就告诉你他是怎么被拍摄的。印第安纳琼斯这个片怎么被拍摄的。 Big budget就是大大制作的那些它的出品啊。Uh the same goes more and more for political campaign ads and publicity in general. First, the stress was on the product candidate itself, then it moved to the effect image. Effect image uh, effect image. Uh first stress was on the product oh itself, while now it is shifting more and more to the making of the image, the strategy of making ad is itself advertised, how to making an add advertisement, the stay the strady.这个策略也被拍出来了，就这个过程这个机制本身它能够使这个效果。你把机机制本身展现出来，反而使得效果表面效果更就戳穿它的那个机制，反而让它那个效果更他妈具有忽悠人的力量了。 The proof is that in a kind of reverse of the old collition, according to which western ideology,呃，distimultes the production process at the expense of the final product. Discumulate.对，消解了吧掩盖啊掩盖了disumalis一形态就是错货，认为一形态啊掩盖了生产过程的道理呃。 At the expense of the final product production process, far from being the secret locals of the prohibited of what can of be shown of what is concealed by the fetish serves as the fattish that fascintes with its presence ideology, it no longer works as an disguise. It works as an一种趣味吧。揭露啊揭露看似呃，review, it was这德乐兹啊，我不是名字不念了啊，法语，我不知道怎么念啊。 Another great shelenian, who long before the fashion of virtual reality, uh aborated the status of virtuality approple of the mystery of event, uh from the prehistoric paintings on the walls of这个就是那个洞穴e啊，法国南部的locks,我不知道怎么念啊，不管了。 Two virtual reality, we come from visimin igma, how it is? How is it possible? Is it possible for us to suspend reality and become engrowsed in the virtual space of the fantasmatic screen? Suspend reality become in growth in the virtual space of怎么把现实选址起来，然后让自己沉浸在幻想当中。How can the incorporal event emerge out of the mixture of bodies?那种就是那种超超肉体的呃那种事件，它怎么能够从这个身体的混合当中of body causes. We seem to know everything about the social and every an artistic background film.这个应该是film这个词儿也是他们那个什么，我也不知道是什么意思，我记不得了哦，film这个这个词儿就是那种就是黑色黑色片啊，黑色片就是黑色片啊，就是那种就是反映社会创伤痛苦的那种片子。六七十年代，美国好像片拍的the traumatic impact of the world world war. Second, on the established呃，gender rose the influence of german expressionism exceptive as the section, but all this is clearly not sufficient to account for the emerges of the noial noyal黑色片啊，这个怎么念啊？ Now, no it, no, no嗯，no wow, no, no universe with this unique plavor of all permitting corruption embodied in the figure of the这个就是这又是法语啊，我不念啊，我会念错啊，就是那个就是手写美人。It is the same with quttly love. One can play indefinitely. The historiicist game of sources and influences the hidden referenced alaraba, uh s esorteric traditions, the incestoris triangle of the night, his later, and the partner figure of her husband, the difficult situation of the dispoposed disposessed night in a this integrating for for idedlim m for doliism.这个是就是那个分封制啊，这个是分封制的意思，分封制的意思等等等等等等，可以玩这个游戏。 There is, however, an in some insemountable gap, a nothing that separates rever this mixture of material uh causes from the event of the uh miracles emergof the lady. This uh, delucian claim that the sense event cannot be reduced to the mixture of body causes, also allows us to locate properly the fordium for coal fodium project of archaelogy gy water focal aims at is not the reduction of an event to the network of its causes. No matter how hitter, generous, hitter, generous and genius. I don't know how to pronounce it. Those words. I don't know how to pronounce it, never hitrogenius hitor genius and contininggency. But the rules of the emergenence and the disappearance of events, rules whose status is totally different from the lows that regulated mixture about it causting eeffect.就是英国网络不能决定这个幻想化的层面。就他妈这么简单，就一句话。 The key for the status of virtual reality is key by the difference between imitation and simulation and ititsisimillaation different virrturereality doesn't imitate reality. It simulity it by way of generating its semblance. In other words, imitation imitates preexisting real life model, where a simulation generates the zmblance of a non existing reality. It simulates something that doesn't exist. Let us takes the most elementary case of vimulity in a computer so called virtual memory, a computer can simulate far greater memory than it actually has. That is it can function as if its memory is larger than it is. And does the same, how how for every symbolilic arrangement up to the financicisystem that simulates a far larger extent of coverage than it is effectively able to provide the entire system of deposiits and the likeworks on the proposition that anyone can at any moveent withdraw his or her money from the bank. Uh perposition, although it can never be realized, nonetheless, rent does possible the very real material functioning of the financial system.啊，you举了个例子，the consequences of this difference between imitation and simulation are more raticals than may appear in contrast to immilitation, which sustastance believe in prexisting organic reality simulation, retroactively denaturalizes reality cell by way of disclosing the mechanism responsible dimulosing by way of disclosing the mechanism responsible for its generation by way of disclosing. You know, it's not to disguissing it by disclosing it. In other was the anonlological giagor wager of simulation is that there is no ultimate difference between nature and which eletificiary production. There is a more elementary level of the real with referenrence to which both simulated screen reality and real reality are generated effects. The rear of pure computation behind the event viewed through interface.嗯，the simulated effect variety there is two subjectiless as无头的啊，无头的a safelas, a safeless,就是无头的saf CE,基本上就是头的那个前缀啊，前头的那个词根前面加了个a就是无头的a safeless safeless of computation, a series ies, a safep, uupositive and negative in exseminar. The second of where locondevelopps, for the first time, the notion of the series of positive and negative正和负啊，嘿呃，plus and minus, he red reduces it preciped tuiously precipitously出乎意料的to the old of the significure. Uh for that reason, one shop reread these passenagers from the from the perspective of opposition between significant and letter or writing established examiner twenties, a subject less digital computation is neither the differential system symbolic older. The symbolic room of meaning is part of the purdal reality manipulated on the screen. No reality outside the screen of the interface embodidly reality behind the screen. There are only chief's electric current esector, the wagor wagor wagor wagor. How to pronounce it? I don't know most of the was, i don't know their wagor. I just guess i don't care about wjor wjor. It's jer this this g ritds.这这fuck the waage of racial reality is at uniververse of minaning, narrotivization narrotivization. Uh, it's not ultimate reference, the ultimate, the unthe possible horizon. It's not the ultimate reference. It's not the unthe possible horizon horizon since it relies on pure computation. The pure computation is not symbolic. It's not real as well. It's between symbolic and real if no, no, no, no, no, it's between symbolic and bodver body reality. But it realities different from so calls it real. The real thein in resize the gaps that separate forever accome from postmomoderst st. The construction is um the letter concept science, as one of the possible local narrotivizations will, as for lukorn, contemporary science enables us to gain access to the real of pure computitions that underlines play of multiple um multiple narrativization. There is the locconia ia is lcconniia real is something scientific. You know, you can you can call scientific, it's between different kinds of local narrativizations. It's between different local symbolic system, different symbolic system, different self, consistent symbolic systems, the puty virtual not ready existing uh order of subject less computation that neonetheless regullates every reality. It's regulates every reality. It's like some uh inter ontology, inter ontology of different systems material and or imaginary. No, whatever you you can name, and you named material system, or imaginary system, or whatever kinds of reality, one can see hang out in what precise enence the status of charality ties ambiguous. This term refers simultaneously. And in an irreduceable way to vivirtustatus of the fantasastic reality, we perceive on screen of the interface and to the pure computation that cannot be reduced to its uh materialization in the electric current running through computer chips. This, this between the two豆漫斯，it's very ambiguous priory prior to sheleline the philosopher who provided the best conceptual apparators to account for virtual reality. Virtual reality. It's virtual. It's virtual is not symbolic. It's not symbolic reality. It's virtual is something maybe s uh for reducutes. It might might be the the closest thing to the real, the one, the plus minus mechanism was male branch. Er这个male blancher. I don't know how to pronounce it. I don't know. It's name, i don't know啊。I don't know, just don't teach me with his occasionnalism. This mele male brancher are dissample of the discard笛卡尔。这个学生啊，这个逼叫什么名字？操你妈出来中文互联网语境里面贫乏穷翻译成这种东西吧。 Moall brunch moall brunch. I don't know maybe this word mediabsh more brunch, fuck more brunch啊，a disable of他他的学徒啊，jobs, discards, a ridiculous reference to the他应该是这个法国人啊啊reference to the啊松果线啊，poniel glend. In order to explain the coordination就是它的occasionalalism, it's just occasional就是body heart is thin thing thing thing thing同步性身心平行问题啊。 The paris海尔，他的那个同步问题同步问题怎么说不管啊，下面继续看啊啊reduulous reference rence to the panel,就非常愚蠢的between the material and the spiritual substance that is body. And so how there are which exexplain their ccoordination, if there is no contactor between the two, no point at which are so ube act cuuually on a body of vice versor since the two cultural networks, that of ideas in my mind, and that body into connections are totally independent. The only solution is that a third true trs, two substance, god, continuously coordinates and mediates between the two. I might have talked about this question in examism. I have talked about this. This question啊，sustainthe sustainding uh sustainding the semblance of continuity. When i think about raising my hand and my hands rises, my thought causes of raising of my hand, not directly, but only occasionally, it's by chance upon noticing my thoughter directed at raising my hand, god says, emotion, the other um material culture, al chain, that least two, my hand effectively being raised this god, it could be um translate by those posipositivists. This logic, the logic of the the physical or physical, physical mechanism, physical principles, physical loss.呃，if we replace god with the bigar a, the symbolic order we are see, we can see the cloees of occasionalism to the cons position as the coon, put it in his pomic. Uh against every stotal in television, uh the relationship between soul and body is never directed since the big author always interposes itself between the tube. The symbolic domain occasionism is us essentially a nomin for the arbitrronveness of the signifium. The significance arbitrreness. It's undecided able it's on. It's in indefinite for the gap that separate the network of ideas from the network of body, the real, but body body real al ualty for the fact that, that it is big, big other that accounts for the coordination of two networks. So that when my body bites, an apple soul experiences, a pleasurable sensation, this same gap is targeted by the ancient acstrificices who organizes human sacrifices to ensure that the song will rise again. The human sacrifice is here and appear to god that sustain the coordination between the two series, the body necessity and the uh concaatenation concatenation of symbolic events, irrational, irrational as the ethactic prsites price sacrifices may appear. It's underlying premise is is far insighghtful than our common place intution according to which the coordination between body. And so is direct. That is it is natural for me to have unpleasurble sensation. And i bite an apple since the sensation is caused directly by the apple. What gets lost is the intermediary role of the big other in guarantee, big others, symbolic order in guarantee in the coordination between reality and our mental experience of it. And is it not the same with our emotion into virtual reality? Yeah, maybe when i raise my hand in order to push an object in the virtual space object effectively moves, my illusion, of course, is that it was the moveent, the movement of my hands that directly caused the dislocation of the object. That is, in my emotion, i overlook the intricate mechanisms of computerized coordination homologus to the role of god guarantee the guarantee in the coordindination between the two series in occasionnalism.啊，这个这个意义上那个背后那个一零的那个机制啊，背后那个一零的那个机制又变成那个呃the big aussiit. It's never is just the big aussid. It's something different. You know, the appearances of these virtual realities, they are symbolic. They sysymbolitheare all symbolies. They have ananum symbolic doesn't means that the system of significant system of significure is between symbolic, and the real is between the two toothfiars. You know, for that reason, it crurucito maintain open the radical ambiguity of how cyber space will affect our lives. This does not depend on technology as such, but on the mode of its social inscription, emergent, an immertion immertion uh cyyer space can intensify our body experience, new sexuality, new body with more organs, new sexes, but it also opens up the possibility for the one who manipulates tes, the machinery that runs the cyber space, literally to steal our own body, the our virtual body despriving um as of control over it, so that no one no longer relates to one's body as to one's 's own. You don't you don't you don't naturally own your own body. You don't have the body, the the natural right, natural right to your own body. You no longer what's one encounter here is a constitutive ambiguity of the notion of medittization. The the constitutive ambiguity, this ambiguity is constitutive of notion of media mediatization originally. This notion designates the gesture by means of which subject was stripped off its direct immediate right to make decisions. Just make decisions something ethical. Uh. The greater must of political meditizzwas napodidiwho left ft, the conconquemonmonchch the appearance of power, while they are effectly been no longer in a position to exercise it at a more general level. One could say that such a media, uh mad mediatization of the monarch device, constitutional monarchy, monarchy就是君主立宪制啊。 In it, the monarchis reduced to the point of a pilly formmost symbolic guest of of doting this eyes, doting this eyes, maybe uh off unning, uh suconconfiring the performative force on the aldix, whose content is determined by the elected governing body and does the same. Um retalities moved ten days等等。拉丁语啊，老king,那就是做必要修正的啊，同样的就是这个就是最后加那么一点，就是稍作修改，稍作修改，稍作修改the same稍作同样一种稍作修改，also not hold for today's.它也does not,所以他反问句ite also hold for today's progressive computer arization of our everyday lives in the course, which the susufer case also more and more media ties, also imperfectly perceptively不可感知的striped of power under the four skies of its increase. You might think i am II become more and more powerful. I get a again, more and more powerbecause. I have a mobile phone. I have my computer, i have a laptop. Actually, you you your own identity, or your uh control over your body has been stolen by this system. It is simultaneously uh exposed to the thread of radical prolitterariizzation pollitariarianization even变成一种新的互联网无产阶级啊。 The subject is potentially reduced to the pure, but sujeject HH ince ce, my own personal experience can be stolen, even my my perperonal al experition can be stolen, manipulated regulated by h machine like ausiuh. One can see again how the prospect of radical virtualization bestos on the bputer, the position that is strictly homologus to that of god in没有brand senian shian啊，occasionalisism又来了老调重谈，since the computer coordinates a relationship between my mind and what i experience as the movement of my lips in virtual reality.打多大的时候最有这个感触了，这个电脑就是这个中介了，键盘、鼠标这个中介，电脑里面硬件中介。One can easily imagine a computer that run smoke and starts to act like even evil, god, disturbing the coordination between my mind. And my body, the experiexperiand one signal of my mind to raise my hand is suspended or even conteracted in virtual reality. The most fundamental experience of somebody as mind is on the mind he saght. This seems that cyble space effectively realizes a parannooic fantasy law. Now come啊，elaborated by strabber hiber, the german judge, whose memory memya,我们这个回路回忆录怎么读呀？搜一下mammal mam mamouals这个OIR后缀啊，memal mamouse mmal al mammals.这个发音真的是很是worth analyzed by pod啊，这个这个这个法官啊，最后自己变成一个就是就是嗯他就有被害妄想症样。 The weird universe is psychotic in surfar as it seems to material materialize, uh hiyberuh lulucination of the divan race through which got directly control the human mind. In other words, does the externalization of the big other in the computer, not account for the inherent paranoic dimension of the weird universe? You may you, you, you have to think about, oh, this one thing, maybe嗯，this how universe it has its own a crazy mind, and it can't appear director, but it can appear uh in some way, like computer, like these chips, um hard chips, graphic chips, oh, something whatever they they are. They are crazily running in their own mode. They have some kinds consciousmaybe. You know, to put it another with compcompany that in cyyber space, their ability to download consciousness into a computer. Finally, freeze people from their bodies, but it also freeze the machines from their people. You know, it also freeze the machines from their people, the machines they are free. Now you know the computer, the screen, the the the the computational system, they they are free. If we upload our mind to this hard drives or something with refrence to the mirror relationship between the dipressed me and my mirror image. Uh the this means that in the weird universe of virtual ality, my mirror image is externalized in the machine in the guys of a standing that replaces me in cyber space.打dota的时候，你那个英雄就是就是你自己，或者就是你沉浸到虚拟现实里面那个虚拟现实里面的化身嘛。那个案发案发的avander. That is yourself those. That's the body that is mine.打real life is more and more reduced to an exremental reminder.所以你外面的那个虚拟线是外面那个身体本身越来越像坨屎啊，越来越像个剩余了。The crurucipopoint that is us to persist in the outer ambiguyes. There is an indivisable indivisable. Uh reminder, we can never cast the links from our real body and float freeze in the cparpersway. Since. However, our body self experience itself is always already virtual a symboliically mediated. This body to which we are forced to return is not the constituted of the full self experience of true reality. But the formuls reminder, the horror of the real yeh this just呃，这只是个类比啊，前面就前面都讲的都是类比，用虚拟现实来类比。但是事实上我们其实已经是在一个虚拟现实里面了。这个虚拟现实是由这个it is already always already virtual. It is maaged by symbolitical symbolic system. And uh there's not a organic or呃physphysical body that we go back.不是一个有一个physiology, cal body生理学的一个身体，我们要回去。 No no no no, no, no, no, it's it's real. It's a formulless reandder, the horrow of the real那个是一个剩余啊。 The conclusion to be joined that what is a master啊，the conclusion to be joined that not withstanding all the talk about the end of the condition. Uh paragim. We continue to deal within these conceptual orordintes. We have an excess a surplus, an experimental remember, you know. So we we we are still in the parpetiparparggium. We still transsidental itself with呃呃subtance啊of my of of me, according to fragdtion, jjames son, one of antonomists of what are you talking about? Get away goodbye. One of the antonomis of post modernity is the antonomy of constructionism and essentialism.啊，这二元对立后线的二元对立就是构造主义和本质主义啊。 On the one anand ds voltageneous progression fertigen is progression眩晕的，然后头晕目眩染应该就是能让头晕目的。Progression of universal virrtualization. The notion more animal impending impact impimpact in pant. This world is not too即将发生的迫在眉体的impact追进悬空。Uh new world. Yeah, i learn a new words that everything is socially symboliically II might have learned it before. But i just forgot the that everything is socially symmboicically chchnicconconstructed contingent lacking any guarantee in a existing ground. On the other hand, the despate desperate search for a firm foundation whose foremost experienons are not different religious or ethnic um fundamentalisms, but rather return to nature in the contemporary ecological stance.呃，within他不是，与其说后面本质主义代表人物，是那个呃那个机要主义，不如说是那个环保主义啊，他们才是更本质主义的。 Within the domain of the post modern new age entire catitionism, this economy assumes the shape of the tension between so called deeper ecology and new age. Uh tea nospiries choliism technospirit tea是技术术性性主technospiritualism. The first advocates are return to the spontaneous experience of nature by way, are breaking with the attitude of technological domination. We, as the second seze is hope on a spiritual reversal brought about by the very opposite, the complete technological reproduction of reality.就技术灵性。新世纪运动他妈的写歌都是用电子音乐合成的呃，班德瑞什么这种东西where as呃the second year, the notion that in some not too distant future, by way of their full emotion into virtual reality, human subjects will be able to weigh anchor that attaches them to their bodies and to change into ghost like entities, floating freely from one versial boat to another. It is so easy to desern the crooks of the attraction exerted by the ecological stance. It presents itself as an only creasdible answers to the hybriis骄傲自大hbbriis.啊，好蛮傲慢啊。 Of the modern subject to the permanent instability build into the capitalist logic. It is easy to descend the crooks of the uh attraction. That is to say,就把这个环保主义，就他妈等于是资本主义啊。 That is to see the problem of today's esthics is how to insert limit in our universe of post modern relativim m, which no agency possesses the unconditional authoriity to tell us so you can go so far. And no further后现在就是说没有没有界限了。Ecology emerges here as only serious contender contender竞争者是吧？ Against post modern relativism,它可以抵消这个后现代相对主义。It office nature itself. You have to set nature itself as the limit, the fragile balance of the earth ecosystem at the point of reference, providing the proper measure the unpossible limit for our actor, the gesture of producing proproreing proprocuring pro curing进展是吧，采购procuring取得什么获获得去拿皮条啊。An objective justification for the limit is ideology at a experience against the deep ecological, a reassertion of the limit one shot. Therefore, this ideology is uh advocated by our maybe state the most, the most, but reject just uh uh, criticize it as the comperirest, uh apperent guaster off off ideology against the deff. Uh ecological reartion of the limit. One should, therefore, vindicate vindicate uh shelling semly ly pessimist, reactiontionary insights that the universe as such is out of joint. You don't have to protect it. It's it is destroyed self. You know, it is always destroying and rebuild itself. You don't have to protect it that radical. Uh, this location is its positive ontological condition. It's it's this. It's out off. Jointness jointeness is just its positive ontological condition, always reference to the shelinan shelinenjan i pronounced are undergonism of contradiction and expansion, contrtraction contraction and expansion. This moment this this this循环性的，i don't know how to循环性。怎么说，cycle塞塞，塞塞塞循环性啊，不管了，不管了，前面都刚刚讲过，老子又忘了。 Uh is virtual reality, not the extreme form of expansion of the loss of our encourage in the contracted physical body on it's exextreme of expansion in the contracted physical body. You are physical body is is contracted, but but a symbolic surface. The simulated service face simulaexexpansion and is ecology, not a knowless extreme contractive reaction to its this loss.就是你在失去了你的根嘛，在虚拟现实里面，所以你需要这个东西再他妈重新再收缩回拿到这个根啊。 We can return now to the opposition between difficult and new age. Take tenal spiritualism, the fantasy of the reestablished natural balance with humanity allegated to its spbaniny part and the fantasy of the evaporation operoration. What does mean蒸馏啊？蒸馏就是他的这个就把那个身体惰性。 A bodily initial in comprehensive virtualization are too opposed the strategies to deserve the splitting between what we call reality and the void of the reil fiilld by a fantasastic content. That is the elusive intangible gap that sustain reality. The two are the two options. They are all fake. They are all wrong options. The just the two sides of a one coin, this deep ecology and new age take a techno呃spiritualism in so far as the impact of virtual reality, a throoated in the dynamics of capitalism, it is no wonder that markets analysis of capitalism, his emphasis ANZ, the a necessary coal dependence between lack and access remains pertent for our approach to virtuality. So we have uh we have talk about marks as worwas pointed out already behgle in his theory of civil society, the paradox of modern poverty is that the lack of wealth does not depend on social societies. Limted productive capacities lack the poerated by the very access of production by too much wealth, suppplus and lack arco relative lack the poverty of the rubble is the very form of appearance of the access of production. The more producted, more rebel. Uh you get rebels, you get on the on that count, any attempt to balance like and the access, if what is fascism in its economic policy, if not a desperate attempt to introroduce fundundament atatmpmpinto into cirirle of social reproduction, it's doom to fail啊。 This is why啊，this is why fashies is doom to fail啊，you any attempt to balance luck, and the access of capitalism is doing to fail. The very tempt to abolish lack that is the social poverty, the modern poverty, modern liest poverty by producing more wealth leads to more poverty. The more you produce, the more you, the the poral you get one on a on somewhat different level, l, encounter a homeloggccodedependence of lag and access in the starliist version of the stalleteranism. How does the supereagal function in the starlist bureaucratic universe? The susupreexexamliof it course se are ststliist purchase, terrible purchase, horrible purchase. The double bind that pretends to the very notion of super eagle is best embodied in the fate stuilts uh ministers of the interior uh years uuh ygoda, a boncomo abbcom of, or that, maybe i don't know, i don't know. I am not familiar with a history of a soviet russia. There was a constant pressure on them to discover every new anti socialist plots. They were always proproach for being to uh lineent to living n to to to太迟钝啊，应该是太宽容太软了，太仁慈了。Lineuent not vrilant enough不够狠啊，不更强硬啊，不够警觉是吧？ Virgilant virgilvivivigilant ant only way for them to satisfy the demand of the leader was thus to invent plots unto as arrest innocent people. However, this way, they were lying the ground for their own violent ment deminds,他们自己也要嗝屁啊。 Since your successor was already at work, you do something wrong. Yeah II as your success. I can kill you as a proof of my loyalty, collecting evidence of how they were actually counter revolutionary agents of imperperin imperial.我操这个怎么念啊，帝国主义好吧，别烦了，怎么念？Imperioralism imperialism, yeah imperialism. This this PER it raise p,拜拜。他他妈的他就念作speak peer. You know, there is no eye, just APER.他居然念a peer imperialism, imperialism啊，stupid language kadam, good dedicators bor service. Uh. The victim's innocence is such part of the game. It enables cell producing circle of revolutional repurchase that it's their own children. You eat your children a and and i can eat you, you know, this just a circle. It's it's always size cycling. That's always循环在里边啊，this impossibility of achieve achieving the proper measure between lack and access of there in fight against control uh revolution, zo theal. What does it mean? Zel啊、热情啊、热情，热情就是战斗，热情要反对反革命啊，is the clear is a clearest index of the super eagle functioning of the studlest burerecracy. We are either too denient. If we do not discover enough traders um ggroups our silent sports for counter evolution or too viagilant vigiant, which again makes us beauty of condemning dedicated fighters for studying these them. This coal dependence of lack and access excepts the call of what we call modernity. Another case are the core modernity. You know, modernity is the cal dependence of lack and access. It's imbalance ance the pretent permanent.就是一直有的一个失衡啊，就是一个要么就是过剩，要么就是缺失。 Another case of the coal dependence between lcoand access is provided by the paradoxical role of the narrow band. The fact that what is never band, the fact that for structural reasons, the pictures always limited reduces,出于结构主义原因啊in the process. Obstmbilization啊，narrow band搜一下吧，窄平带啊，窄平带应该是那个里面的啊，那个里面的呃，in the process of symbolization,它一定会有个窄屏的，是吧？ It is this lack is limitation itself that activates the excessive welth th imagination, air tiase. This like this imitation itself that actificates activate activates excessive wealth of imagination, suffy to record almost proverbial example of child with simple wooden toys, whose imagination is fsuperiperiwith the one plane with intricate electronic equipment.你玩的东西越简单，你想象力越强啊，玩的东西越简单，你玩的想象力越强强，适合过剩之间的那个关联，他们是相互依托的。好委屈哦，这边这个东西这个例子我不知道，不管啊，不想浪费时间there. In results, the impassive of the complete emotion into virtual reality, it ussatates the force of imagination把它吸干了。Since everything is already rendered to our eyes. I don't have to imagine. I get it, i get it. I wanted. I get it. I don't have to imagine this also accounts for the structural, impassive or so called the interactive story, telling in which, at every turn of the story, the reader is free to select his or her own version of the events. The hero can win over or lose the desin lady at that's secture还就很无聊了。这种游戏这种互动互动互动互动游戏啊就很无聊，你知道吗？互动电影他走不下去的，因为他很无聊，他没有不确定性啊，不没有缺失和过剩的辨认法。Experience shows that such a costellation gives rise to double discounent in the reader. Ah the first there is too much, freedom too much depends on me instead of aiding to the pleasres of the narrative. I am bombardied with decision to be made. I don't want to make decision. Just let me feel good.呃，second, my name face in digetic reality is disturbed digegetic. It means digetic reality that is to the horror of the official ideology digectic real.但是没结识的现实digetic,他这个词应该还有另外一个意思，贫乏的。在这几个剧场啊，剧场里内部的应该是呃剧剧情剧情现实啊。 My name face in digecal reality is disturbed. It's the real i can choose. It's the real you的you的。It's not real. I can i can manipuate it. I can decide which kind of ending i get. It's not real. So this this feeling啊，my naive face, i won't be nanave. Please let me be naive. Let me believe in believe this story. Let me just believe what i have seen. I oh, oh, that lady, that lady just betrayed that man. Oh, yeah, i just want to know it and believe it are in digectic relatiis disturbed. I want to be disturbed. My name is believe my name if face, don't want to be ah, doesn't want to be disturbed. That is to the horror of the official ideology of interactive story telly. I read a story in order to learn what really happened to the hero, what really happaven to it, you say, in this possible future, he just become a woman and an in in in that in in in another future, he is he's not even a man. He's just AA ghost. So what is ready? The truth, the truth must be the only one on i read ad a story in order to learn what ready happened to the hl. Did he really win over the convert converted lady converted poverted? Yeah, covert covet他的过去，分子被被渴求的not in order to decide about the outcome. What underlines this frustration is the demand for a master. I want a master. One II want this story, give me a master disguss. Yeah, in a narrative. I want somebody to establish the loose and assume responsibility for the cause of the events. Excessive freedom is frustrating to the utmost. You know, i don't want to be free. I just want to listen to a story and believe more than an answer to the thread of an actual actual ecological car test. Catastroppy difficullogy is an attempt counter. This lack of what objective imposed a set of ruse that limits our freedom. What one should be a in mind here is that in the link between this limitation and our sense of reality, um in the interactive virtual universe, universe reality lacks inheritive limitation, and its south, as terward deprived off its substance, changed into a kind of isthorial image of itself is limits our freedom. What implicit rule is then actually violated in an interactive narrative. No, why? Oh, there, there should be an implicit room. You can you vivioate呃，everyevery every explicit rules is your freedom. And what implicit rule is violated. When we act watch a performance of, i don't know what what was this movie. What's this story? Oh, follow. We know well what lies ahead yet.呃，we are nonetheless a full of anxiety and again and again, shock at the tragic outcome.可以挤刷，对不对啊？这个叫这个就是呢我们都是没文化的啊，奥赛罗莎士比亚是吧？莎士比亚的那个奥赛罗四大悲剧之一啊，翻译成奥赛罗吗？啊，确实我记忆力不行，奥赛罗是翻译成奥赛罗吗？啊，是的是的，是我就知道什么叫as if uh at another level, we were not quite sure that's in inevitable would happen again. Do we not encounter here, a new variation on the motive of the prohibition of the impossible and all of the uh injection to do what is already itself necessary of the gap that separates the two death, symbolic and real, the gap exemplified by the ancient arthtea presor, who organizes human sacrifices to ensure the rising of the song, who is alarmed by the seemingly irrational prospect that the most obvious thing would not happen. And is not the same geasure of freely, ascertain the invdiable, a constitutive of the position of master, by means of his, yes, a master, milly dopts, the ice啊，a tests unavoidable a tests. He acked as if he has a choice where effectively there is now.就在我我感觉他后面要举那个老太太的例子，那个老太太他妈的门牌号，让她运气不好要讲举这个例子了，我操讲说到这里。For that reason, there is unavoidbody uh, something inherently啊啊啊singing what what does mean?哦，这啥呀，愚笨啊，愚笨inherently arsenine assenine. I involved in the position of a master masterers arsenine. You don't know things what happened that way. It always moves in that direction. You, you, i accomplish you. You don't know it. You're so stupid that a master is stupid. We have to ensure that the sun will rise again. We have to ensure the the river will flow towards east again today. Aa master's manrow is to state obbevious to state obbevious. If you want to be a master in a talking with someone in a talk with someone, you can just repeat what what your counterabout the has. Just spoken you. This is a trick. This is this is very, very useful trick. Just to repeat what what he has said, you can control the, you can control this. I don't know what kind of surfice it surpries it to recall today's relationship between the western great powers and russia, in accordance with a silent, packed regulating this relationship. Western 's is threat, treat russia as a great power on condition that russia doesn't affect lively act. As one one can see how the logical of the offer made to be rejected. Russia is offered the chance to act as a great power on condition that it politely rejected this offer is呃，one can see how the logic of the offer made to be made to be rejected. The offer is made to be rejected. The offer is made to be rejected is connected with a possibility that has to remain a mere possibility. It's just a possibility. In principle, it is possibility possible for russia to act effectively as a great power. But if russia is to maintain the symbolic status of a great power, this possibility must be must not be be taken. A advantage of ah is therefore russia's position, not the position of master. As such. Another aspect就是哎反听懂就听懂了。 Another aspect of this same paradoxical position of master concerns, the enigma of passing exams and the announcement of their results. There has to be a minimual gap delay between the actual examination, the director measurement of our ucapcapacties and the moomment.啊，一方面你知你，你明确知道自己分数有多少。另一方面，他公宣布的是at the moment of public procimate climation of the result an in between time啊，when although the the die is already caused, and we know it ah, there is not this an irrational uncertainty as to what will the master um proclaiming the results say, as if it is only via public proclaiming exlamation that the result becomes actual for itself. So master is stupid. Maybe it might be, but it's very useful cost. All of our uh conscious ous structure is historic. The tototological emptiness of masterers wisdom is exemplified in the inherent stupidity of provervos adults engagge in a mental experiexperiment by way of trying to construct proverbeill, uh wisdom out of the relation between uh terroritrial terrace trial life is pleasure and is beyond. Uh if one says forget about the uplife of the elsewhere, it says day enjoy enjoy life for here. And now it's only life you've got, it sounds deep. Uh if one says exactly the opposite, uh, get trapped in the illusy and van pleasures of earth life, morning power and passions ts aldedestined to vanish into singing. It think about eterntive. Uh it also sounds ep ep h one combined the two sites, bringing eternity into your everyday life, live your life on the on this earth, as if it is think one perbitted by eternative. We get another profound st need left to add the same goals for its inversion. Do you not try invent to bring together eternity and your uh terrestrial life accept a humbling and that you are forever split between heaven and earth, if finally, one simply gets um h plexed by all this reversals and claims life is an anigma, do not try to penetrate its claims, accept the builty of it's unforthmable on faasmable mystery. The result is again, no less proforms. That is it's reversal do not allow yourself to be distracted by the force mysteries that that yysteries, that just didistimulate the fact that ultimately, life is very simple, it is what it is. It is simply here without raising. And wrme nelless still add that by uniiting mystery and simplicity, uh, why? Again, obtains wisdom, the outmade unfaasonable mystery of life results in its very simplicity in the simple fact that there is life this totological imbasicility这种蠢啊这种这种totological他妈叨逼叨的这种愚蠢啊。 Points towards the fact that a master is excluded from the economy economy of symbolic exchange呃，not holy excluded since he occupiies a special exceptional place in it for the master. There's no tip ful tabt. Since for him. Tit is in a way already its own tap, tip for tap啊，take protadon应该就是那个take tat take tit就是以牙还牙，以报还报。 As noted for that, do that来说another worwas, when we give something something the master, he do not accept, expect anything in. We do not expect anything in return since this gift to the master functions as its own reward. We are honored when the master accepts our gifts. Is it not often the case with the masons toward whom we entertain a relationship of transferrence that they do us a favor by many accepting. Our gift is many refusal to be caught in the circle of exchange is what ctimately difference defines. The attitude of uh master a master is who refuse. Uh the cirle of exchange, the decline of the figure of master in modern capitalist capitalist societies, follows inherently from the definition of modern society as a society of exchange, even when masters seem to participate in an act of exchange, they are actually呃，consuming consuming consumting consumting how to force it是结束consumate圆房圆满的consumate consuating, the paradoxicical exchange of gifts, uh that does yet doesn't yet function as a proper act of exchange in the rtual of porllarch. I don't know what is is for examwhen when i indiavavto uh organize, and even even more supertoous豪华的sumptuous fister for my guest, then he did previously for me. The point is not to rinemburse embrse the debt, but to repeat and outduthe the access of the gift.他不是，他不是，it's not exchange. It's just a comasting. So what is a master the conductor of an orchestra? For example,就那个指挥啊，指挥他不做任何东西，但是他妈的他就是他做了一切啊。 For example, what he does is in a sense, super fluors is useers. It's need. It's you don't need that, that is a perfectly rehearsed red h orchester would have no need for the conductor prosesely as such as super fluors, the conductor as the crucial. Um这个就是这个这个法语啊，我不知道什么意思啊，他妈了巴子不知道是什么，i don't know why.就是议政化的the就是那个课题。小una啊，就是the unfaasonble tact and accent不够愉悦的那个感觉啊，那种感觉和那个调调腔调感觉和调调the master, thus skip's body to inreducable access of contingency over necessity when the playing of the orchesa follows with full necessity, the master conductor is no longer needed. The guest ter constitutive of the master is best exemplified by a tense polilual situation in which a leader is turone between two options, either to assert a proper position in its extremely purity or to familiate a position broadly enough in order to present it as a wide umbrella, able to embrace ace or currenrenof. The leaders party ty outcome is is terterly presiable adopting the ununcillliable desisican can isolate the leader. It can islait her appear unacceptable yet. It can also be perursuit perceived as a resolute measure, resreslute measure that clearly designate tes the desired, yet it leata broad message, say general.这个no这个这个那个将军啊，就是领袖的那个戴高乐将军啊，戴高乐他妈的就是就是高乐将军啊，高乐将军这个d是他妈的，他就像达芬奇那个达一样的，我操分崎骏的。 Resolute now are to collaboration with germans in ninety forty that made him into a leader adopting the ill defined umbrella. Ststance can layground for a badccoalition yet, et. It can also be perceived as a disappointing sign of a resolution络renon. Sometimes it is better to limit ourselves pragmatically to realisat it eninable goals at other times. It is far more effectivevely say, no, this, this not not ough. The true uutopia is that in the present state of our society, we can achieve even this modest goals. If we want trulily to attend even this goals, we must am much higher.去其上，得其下是吧，得其中。We must change the general condition. This, perhaps is the feature that distinguishes are true leader, their ability to risk the step until the extreme that far from exstrersizing, the leader, exexa sizing.啊，这个词儿他妈了巴子就是共这个词，就是把它变成交响乐是吧？它不是一个最大功约所摒弃是吧？ Far from astrrosizing exstrrosizing啊，这就不是交响乐的，就是那个词根有点像啊，和这个交响乐的extrsisizaustra orchester.妈的，这里是exstrrosizc放到后面去了，sir放到这个前面去了。Uh fines, universal appear and grounds dedest the call coalition. Such a gesture, of course, is extremely risky in so far as it is not decidable in advance. It's not decidable in advance. It can succeed, yet it can also turn the leader in a figure of ridiculous, a long extremist. Not你个傻逼啊，一个孤独的激进主义的傻逼好久，这个翻译成什么？就是那个难对付的人，硬石头，硬石头。 This is the risk. A true leader has to assume one of the lessons of history is that in the political struggle between the moderate bragmatic and the extremist, it was extremist, who, later, after taking over was able effectively, too realize the necessary bragmatic measures ZEN.那一些实用主义者取其中只能得乎下啊，取其上，可以得乎中。 There is the logical game that can further clarify the paraldox of the master two persons, a and b, both bear on the hand, a cardinal number visible only to the other person. One number is always呃，后面有人在fock them吗？没有吗？One number is always a successor of a fooronda to the other number. So that if one person bears a number five, the other number is necessarily either four or six, there is forbidden, how then can the two persons arrive at knowledge of their respective number? Let us reproduce three basic situations开始one博弈论了。A has one, b has two, that is asis on b two. Bs is on a one. This combination, of course, rendous possible immediate inside the BA is two on b and cannot immediately guess what it on her hand, IA one or three, where as b who seits one on a knows immediately that he bears too. B is us.他看见一就肯定知道他是二嘛，因为没有零呀，没有比比一更小的呀啊b. Is us able to arrive at answer directly. His knowledge is not midiated by the unknoon non knowledge of a the second condition situations.它有三种情况，这博利论有三种情况，三种基本情况。哎，ah a has to be has three here. It is again, b who first arrives at the answer, but his knowledge is mediated by ace ignorance by AAI. Don't know a three, i don't know one or four. I don't know a two or four. I don't know. So uh, that is to say the reasoning proceeds ds in two steps. One s is three and doesn't know her number two or four. So she says, i don't know. Uh second, BS two and say to himmself, i have either or three, if i were to have one a or no, she has to since, however, uh, a doesn't know her number. It follows that i have three, yeah II see, she has to. So哎，ua a had three b has for it is again, as a third. The third situation a has three b has for for it is again, b, who first arrives at the answer. However, the reason ing now has to go through three steps, the first step b, siits three, and doesn't know his number to or four. So he states his ignorance, um IS ys four, and doesn't know her number. Uh, three or five basy ignorance is of no help to her here. Since a is four. She knows that besits on her either three or five, and thus knows in advance that base. First answer will be. I don't know three or five ah, both. I don't know both. I don't know it is if basis either three or five, in both cases, he cannot directly guess his number uh, on the basis of this double profession of ignorance. However, b is able, then b is able howethe this double one by one. Uh profession b is able in the third step to arrive at knowledge. He is reason. His reason is i see three on a so i have either two or four. I do not know my number and a is ware of my ignorance. However, if i want to have two a, should be able to arrive at her number on the basis of my ignorance, just like the uthe second situation.呃，that is to say if i would have two a reasoning would be. I see two on b this means that i have either one or three. If i were to have one be would know that he has to since no already doesn't know his number um b said, i don't know. So i have three since, however, a doesn't know her number tells her in another was the ignorance of BA, which reard b, who seys three on a doesn't know if his number is two or four, assumes a different meaning value for a with regard to what she sits on BAA sits on b two, b ignorance tells her that she had three, if tesays on b four base ignorance tells her that she had either three or five, that is, it tells her b, she doesn't no already prior to bease profesance ance ignorance to doesn't the reasonon of BI see three on a. So i have to before, i do not know what i have. However, if i would you have to,哎呀，他妈又来了，重复一遍，烦死了。My ignorance will tell a that she has three, since it doesn't know that she has three. My number must be be take into account t effect of his ignorance on his profession of ignorance on a the same profession, but it has two effects. It depends on my number, if bee's profession in ignorance, produces knowledge in a she has, too. If not, she has four, it is easy to discern in this three, a figuration that the the try tried of social links of master the university and analysis analysis in the link of the master, who servant directly recognizes who who number, number wknow h, the link of diof the owknow. The is应该是那个ansnumber头号人物啊，头号人物乌，no无药本身的意思是什么吗？哎呀，the头号人物不whose the number wner and such assusumes AA sub subservient role in the link of the university, the knowledge of the person of the university, uh is mediated by the ignorance of the other. He doesn't know, so you know, he doesn't know啊。 In the link of analysis and listened arrives at the knowledge about the truth of analysent, how to pronounce it又来了。千古的问题，这个被分析者是怎么念啊？ Analysant analyisant analyisant analysant about the truth of analysance desire through an initial professal ignorance, and the following profession of ignorance of the analyst, the analyst must not directly act as the one who knows, but rather as the one who stands for the lack in the other. Then he knows, then he can guess what he has for the big other iignorance.啊，这个游戏挺有意思的啊。 In this precisense analyst has to be able to count to four as the comput it, you have to be able to count to four.你至少要能够数到四啊。 However, even more interesting than this is an inigmatic feature of the third figuration. The first step in the process of reasonon is basase proclamation of his ignorance. The enigma of this step is that it is necessary. Um you have to first, you have to prove claim that you are iignorant of what number you have that is unavoidable. But at the same time, totally superflares this, it's他it's necessary, it's necessary, it's empty and necessary.它跟前面谢林讲的那个empty和necessary逻辑辩证法是一样的啊。 B, states something that i already knows, i already knows that you don't know that is since a is for on b. She knows in advance that the first gesture of b can only be his profession of ignorance. You know,他看到分析师头顶有个四，分析师话语有个四，所以所以所以b是所以b肯定知道自己要么是三，要么是五。那么无论自己头顶是三，无论自自己头顶是五，那么a肯定都不知道，因为这个三和五不能够推出啊。 However, if b doesn't begin by stating this obvious, if the game begins directly with a stating, i don't know b cannot arrive at his knowledge.有呀，必需要先说啊，必须要先说，必须要先说，必须要说废话呀，必须要说废话。 I know you don't know,然后你必须是要说，i don't know here. One encounters the symbolic order at his purist, the periure, a superflowers fluors gesture of dating the obvivious. This necessary necessity to begin by dating. The obvious is a kind of ontological proof of the big other as useless, but it's it's necessary. You have to begin by staating that, that obbevious. We both know it. It's stupid. So it's kind of ontological proof of the bigza. That is to see if each of the two persons participating knows it, who has to be informed about it. We we both know that呃，b don't know BIDONGNO, so whois getting this. This message, the big ausia, the big other, the big other thers, the big other. Of course, this initial gesture that procesered in sofa as it is superfluous and stupid grounds. The ensuring order is the gesture of the master, as is puost. The master is the subject who makes this kind of obvious uh statement. In other words, the ultimate sport of the master results in a corner of ignorance, in contrast to the enlightenment.呃，motor knowledge is power啊，enlightenment momotor knowledge power啊，就是那个是那个bacon啊，就是知道就是就是有力量啊。 One should does that in a social link, the position of the must always relies on a minimum minimum of ignorance of i don't know why.然后在他要义正化最低限度上义振化，这个应该是翻译成呃，这个在法语里面翻译成上应该不是。 I don't know why i don't know,就是应该是这个应该要翻译成。I don't know. I don't want to know我不想知道。 I don't want to know我不想知道from the proverbial a potem.众所周知的那个potem kins villages to the model.呃，这个头这么king,我又没文化了，这个是什么东西啊？波江斯斯跟波特斯金啊，波波特母亲the villages to the model, uh socialist villages hosterday constructed along the main real line in china.啊啊啊啊啊啊啊uh操你妈嗯不能看了啊。What we encounter again and again, is the urge to conceal from the master skies. The greeners of everyday life and the master shouldn't know. Um你要做主人的话，你就是不知道的。 And the crucial point that this ignorance is constitutive, the master's decision is never fully grounded. In reasons. There is always a minimum of arbitrariness sheer iooy in it this their engliresides, the tragedy of enlightened leftists who are unable to take into account this constitutive role of uh idediosysymbolic riculs from regan to tudremman tudremman in a coatia.我不知道这是什么and indulge in mokinism啊，indulge in mokism.这个应该也就是李刚和发现，就是这些领袖人物那种愚蠢那个象征的那个那那种作用啊，然后那些左派就一天天到自自他们不知道在政治当中这个是很重要的一个作用啊，要做主人master, you have to keep ignorant.你得不知道这这种不知道对于你的权利是具有构成性的力量的，你得有最低限度的一些。不知道我不想知道我不想知道有什么好知道的啊，这个都是主人话语啊啊，都是主人话语。 It's monster discourance.好吧。